There are five types of files contained in this project at this time. The first
file type (iso-build-files.tar.gz) contains all of the files that are needed to
build a new Microkernel ISO (i.e. a Microkernel ISO corresponding to the one
that we are using in the Razor project). Unpacking this file will result in a
directory structure that looks something like the following being created in
the current working directory:

                          microcore-current-files
                                   |
                                   |
                             tcl-4.2.1-files
                                   |
                                   |
                     -----------------------------
                     |             |             |
                     |             |             |
                   newiso       extract         tmp

In this directory structure, the "extract" subdirectory contains all of the
files that were extracted from the core.gz file that is contained in the
original Core-current.iso file from the Tiny Core Linux (v4.2.1) distribution.
The "tmp" directory, on the other hand, contains all of the files that were
used to create the customized version of this same core.gz file (the
customized version that appears in the Microkernel ISO that we are using in
Razor). The new core.gz file was then used to replace the file that appears
in the boot subdirectory of "newiso" subdirectory (which originally contained
a copy of the contents of the Core-current.iso file).  As such, the "newiso"
subdirectory contains all of the contents of the ISO file that we are using
in the Razor project.

If the iso-build-files.tar.gz tarfile is extracted, the microcore-current-files
subdirectory contains an another file (in addition to the three directories
mentioned above).  That file is a shell script (rebuild_iso.sh) that can be
used to build a new ISO after changes are made to the contents of the "tmp"
or "newiso" directories.  The shell script will run all of the appropriate
commands (there are about 8 of them) to build the new core.gz file,
place it in the appropriate location in the newiso directory, and then build
the new ISO from the contents of that directory. When the script finishes,
a new ISO will be built that can be used to boot machines.

The second type of file are the gems that appear under the "gems"
subdirectory in the repository.   Currently, there is only one gem
included in this folder (v1.0.21 of the Bundler gem), and this will
likely continue to be the case.  A copy of this folder appears as the
/opt/gems directory in our ISO image, and the gems that appear in this
folder in the ISO are meant to be installed when the ISO used to boot
a node.

The third type of file are the bundles that appear in the "bundles"
subdirectory.  These files are copies of the bundles that appear in the
current ISO (in the /opt/bundles subdirectory) and are meant to be used
(with the bundler gem, see above) to install additional functionality into
the OS image when it is booted.

The fourth type of file are the Ruby scripts/classes that are used to
control the Microkernel image boot process.  These files all appear at
the root of this project, and copies of these meant to be installed in
scripts/classes appear in the /usr/local/bin directory of the Microkernel
image.

The list file type is the Microkernel image itself (which can be found
under the Image-Files subdirectory of this project).  There are two versions
of Tiny Core Linux that have been used to build these image files, and the
image files in the repository are broken out into two separate subdirectories
accordingly (based on the Tiny Core Linux distribution that they were built
from).  Each image in this subdirectory includes the following extensions to
the "stock" Tiny Core Linux distro that it was built from:

        1. Ruby (v1.8.7)
        2. Bash
        3. OpenSSH (v5.8p1)
        4. MCollective (v1.2.1)
        5. RubyGems (v1.8.15)

When these ISOs are used as the boot image for a node, scripts will
automatically be run after the node boots that will start an SSH daemon
and the MCollective daemon post-boot.  Once the MCollective daemon is started,
the node will be controllable from the MCollective Control Node.

At this time, the MCollective daemon's configuration (which appears in the
/usr/local/etc/mcollective directory of the Microkernel's filesystem)
is "hard-coded" into the ISO, as is the public/private host key pair that
is used by the SSH daemon.  Eventually, the MCollective daemon configuration
will be obtained from a Node.js instance, but that instance doesn't exist yet
(so for testing purposes we'll continue to use the "fixed" MCollective
configuration, at least for now).  The "fixed" public/private host key pair
(which is the same for all Microkernel instances in the current ISO) is less
of an issue, because this service will be pulled out of any ISO that is rolled
out into a production environment (to prevent command-line access to the nodes
when they are being managed by the Microkernel).

In addition to the extensions that were mentioned previously, we have also made
the following changes to the "stock" Tiny Core Linux distro when building out
the current version of the Razor Microkernel (v0.0.0.6):

        1. We have reduced the boot prompt timeout (defined in the
           /boot/isolinux/isolinux.cfg file in the ISO itself) to
           approximately 10 seconds (the original value was 30 seconds)

        2. We have modified the /opt/bootlocal.sh script that is include
           in the microcore.gz file used by the Microkernel (which can be
           found in the ISO's /boot directory) so that when the Microkernel
           is booted it will automatically:

                a. Starts the SSH daemon
                b. Installs the Bundler RubyGem
                c. Uses the Bundler RubyGem to install the Stomp, Facter,
                   and BluePill bundles

           Once the Stomp bundle is installed, that same script changes the
           hostname (in the /etc/hosts and /etc/hostname files using the 'sed'
           command and also logically using the 'hostname' command) and then
           starts the MCollective agent (but it only performs these two tasks
           after the network is available; this ensures that MAC address for
           the 'eth0' adapter is available through Facter and the that
           the MCollective agent will be able to establish a connection to
           the MCollective Control Node).

         3. We have added a pair of MCollective agents to the
            /usr/local/mcollective/plugins/mcollective/agent subdirectory.
            One agent is a test agent that simply echos back the message
            sent to it, along with the time that message was receive. The
            second agent (facter.rb) provides access to the "facter" command
            on each instance of the Microkernel from the Control Node.

All of these changes (and the procedure that was followed to make them) can be
found in the following pages:

        1. Remastering the Microkernel ISO:

        http://dcade.lss.emc.com/confluence/display/ASI/Remastering+the+Microkernel+ISO

        2. Reconfiguring the Microkernel to include the "extras" that are
           described above:

        http://dcade.lss.emc.com/confluence/display/ASI/Microkernel+Configuration

        3. Configuring an MCollective Agent

        http://dcade.lss.emc.com/confluence/display/ASI/Configuring+an+MCollective+Agent
